Reorder release v5.2 release notes to showcase more changes (#11102)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/releases/5.2.md

 * Add default header titles to generic `IndexView` and `CreateView` (Sage Abdullah)
 * Add the ability to use filters and to export listings in generic `IndexView` (Sage Abdullah)
 * Add generic `UsageView` to `ModelViewSet` (Sage Abdullah)
 * Add generic `InspectView` to `ModelViewSet` (Sage Abdullah)
 * Extract generic `HistoryView` from snippets and add it to `ModelViewSet` (Sage Abdullah)
 * Extract generic breadcrumbs functionality from page breadcrumbs (Sage Abdullah)
 * Add breadcrumbs support to custom `ModelViewSet` views (Sage Abdullah)
 * Allow `ModelViewSet` to be used with models that have non-integer primary keys (Sage Abdullah)
 * Enable reference index tracking for models registered with `ModelViewSet` (Sage Abdullah)

In addition, the following new features have been added to the generic admin views as part of `ModelViewSet`, which can also be used with `SnippetViewSet`.

 * Allow overriding `IndexView.export_headings` via `ModelViewSet` (Christer Jensen, Sage Abdullah)
 * Add the ability to define listing buttons on generic `IndexView` (Sage Abdullah)

### User interface refinements

> Here are tweaks to the admin user interface which we hope will make it easier to use.

Reviewer: "Here are tweaks" reads a bit oddly - how about
```suggestion
Several tweaks have been made to the admin user interface which we hope will make it easier to use.
```

 * Remove `wagtail.publish` log action on aliases when they are created from live source pages or the source page is published (Dan Braghis)
 * Remove `wagtail.unpublish` log action on aliases when source page is unpublished (Dan Braghis)
 * Add compare buttons to workflow dashboard panel (Matt Westcott)
 * Support specifying a `get_object_list` method on `ChooserViewSet` (Matt Westcott)
 * Add [`linked_fields` mechanism on chooser widgets](chooser_viewsets_limiting_choices) to allow choices to be limited by fields on the calling page (Matt Westcott)
 * Add support for merging cells within `TableBlock` with the [`mergedCells` option](table_block_options) (Gareth Palmer)
 * When adding a panel within `InlinePanel`, focus will now shift to that content similar to `StreamField` (Faishal Manzar)
 * Add support for `placement` in `human_readable_date` the tooltip template tag (Rohit Sharma)
 * Support passing extra context variables via the `{% component %}` tag (Matt Westcott)
 * Allow subclasses of `PagesAPIViewSet` override default [Page model via the `model`](api_v2_configure_endpoints) attribute (Neeraj Yetheendran, Herbert Poul)

>  * Allow `ModelViewSet` to be used with models that have non-integer primary keys (Sage Abdullah)

Reviewer 2: This has been moved above

```suggestion
```
